[ What is the "Loremaster"?]
The 'Loremaster' achievement is one of the most time intense achievement whitch you can get in the World of Warcraft.

For this Title you have to do ~6000 Quest in ALL Areas (Classic, BC, WotLK, Cataclysm)


[ What makes this Profiel? ]
This profile helps you to get this title, and makes nearly all of the needed Quest's.
We're currently on the development of this Profiels, but we hope that we can release the single parts fast one after another.

This Profile is not Only written by me, else it uses some parts of other existing Profiles.

Before you hate me
If we release a new part, we would tell you when we used parts of another profile. And thank the author of this

If you see the bot stopped in the middle of nowhere and doing nothing, AND there are NO errors in the log/navigation log, please DON'T stop it and try to do things manually!!

[ Who write the Profiles]
I used a lot of parts from other Profiles.. so helped many people without knowing that.

Here a list of Helped Members:

Profiles:
Project-WoW
thephoenix25
Kick (your profiles are so great)

Helper Plugins:
thephoenix25 (Thanks)

If YOU want to Help, contact me!



[ Settings ]
LearnFlightpaths: On
Loot Mobs: On
Train New Skills: Off
UseFlightpaths: Off (the flights are coded into the profile)
Mail Recipient - A great idea to enable this, since you'll get loads of crap, that it won't sell.
Kill between Hotspots: Off (If you want to Level turn it On)


Normally you don't have to do any changes on your settings This is done by the Profiles



[ Things you need to know before running ]
Because this is my first Questing-Profile, i couldn't begin to rewrite all quest how i can get from another

Although I myself come from Germany, I use the english WoW client.
Should you try to use it with another client, I don't know if it works! But maybe you can tell me

This Profile will be hostet on Github. If you don't know how you can download it, write me or use the Github Help.


[ How do I install and use it? ]

Download & Install Git
Go to my Github Area
Copy the Profile Parts in your Buddy Folder
Start the Buddy
Load the Profile: [H] The Loremaster Classic or any other
Start the Bot


[ Last Infos! ]
I Know that a lot of Quests are buggy... pleas know, that i write profiles an no QB's ore Plugins!

If you found a bug, please report!
If you want to help, tell me
If you have ideas or whishes... write it on the post
And last
If you like my work, klick the like link to motivate me 